---
title: Privacy Policy
description:
  Explore how we collect, use, and protect user information on our websites and
  applications.
---

**Last Updated: December 13, 2023**

This Privacy Policy outlines how **mitblr.club** ("we", "us", "our", "Service")
collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users
("User") of our websites ("Website") and associated mobile applications ("App").

## Information Collection

**a.** **Personal Identification Information:** The Service may collect personal
identification information from Users in various ways, including when Users
visit the Websites or use the Apps. This may include, but is not limited to,
name, email address, and other relevant details voluntarily provided by Users.

**b.** **Non-personal Identification Information:** The Service may collect
non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with
the Websites or Apps. This may include the browser name, type of device, and
technical information about Users' means of connection to the Websites or Apps.

## Information Use

The Service may collect and use Users' personal information for the following
purposes:

**i. To improve customer service:** Information provided helps respond to
customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.

**ii. To personalize user experience:** The Service may use information to
understand how Users as a group use the services and resources provided on the
Websites and Apps.

**iii. To send periodic emails:** The email address provided by Users may be
used to send them information and updates pertaining to their inquiries or
requests.

## Information Protection

The Service adopts appropriate data collection, storage, and processing
practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access,
alteration, disclosure, or destruction of Users' personal information, username,
password, transaction information, and data stored on the Websites and Apps.

## Information Disclosure

The Service does not sell, trade, or rent Users' personal identification
information to others. The Service may share generic aggregated demographic
information not linked to any personal identification information regarding
visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates, and
advertisers.

## Changes to Privacy Policy

The Service reserves the right to update this Privacy Policy at any time. Users
are encouraged to frequently check this page for any changes. Users acknowledge
and agree that it is their responsibility to review this Privacy Policy
periodically and become aware of modifications.

## Acceptance of Terms

By using our Websites or Apps, Users signify their acceptance of this Privacy
Policy. If Users do not agree with this Privacy Policy, they should not use the
Websites or Apps.

## Contact Information

If Users have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices of the
Service, they can contact us at **codex@manipal.edu**.
